updating links from fwlink to real link if exists (#16639)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wcf/feature-details/accessing-wcf-services-with-a-windows-store-client-app.md

 A subset of WCF functionality is available from within a Windows Store application, see the following sections for more details.  
  
> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Use the WinRT syndication APIs instead of those exposed by WCF. For more information see, [WinRT Syndication API](https://docs.microsoft.com/uwp/api/Windows.Web.Syndication)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Use the WinRT syndication APIs instead of those exposed by WCF. For more information see, [WinRT Syndication API](xref:Windows.Web.Syndication)  
```
